Convert AKS - Multicluster from TypeScript to Go (#729)
pulumi/examples: azure-go-aks-multicluster/README.md

[![Deploy](https://get.pulumi.com/new/button.svg)](https://app.pulumi.com/new)

# Multiple Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) Clusters

This example demonstrates creating multiple Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) clusters in different regions and with
different node counts. Please see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/ for more information about AKS.

## Prerequisites

Ensure you have [downloaded and installed the Pulumi CLI](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/get-started/install/).

We will be deploying to Azure, so you will need an Azure account. If you don't have an account,
[sign up for free here](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/free/).
[Follow the instructions here](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/cloud-providers/azure/setup/) to connect Pulumi to your Azure account.

## Running the Example

> **Note**: Due to an issue in the Azure Terraform Provider (https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm/issues/1635) the

> > creation of an Azure Service Principal, which is needed to create the Kubernetes cluster (see index.ts), is delayed and may not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> creation of an Azure Service Principal, which is needed to create the Kubernetes cluster (see main.go), is delayed and may not
```
